Way to go, Jenny. You're as cold as marble when facing that guy. You're really transtin'
with those combats.
What's new with Mr. Miller on a daily basis has toughened me enough for this kind of
theory trick.
Let's go home.
Alice, your wife is really your ten. It's a shame another guy stole her from you. She's
equally impressive to have kept me cool facing my questions.
Get it done as soon as possible.
I've done everything on my part. All you need to do is go to court and a month and finish
all the processing.
You can fuck off now.
What? That's how you show your gratitude, bro. I am wiping your ass. And you are kicking
me out without even offering a cup of whiskey.
I will be setting off a broad tomorrow and won't be drinking with you on your birthday.
But, I've got a very special gift for you. And I'll have it sent over in a couple weeks.
I don't need this shit.
There's nothing real between you and your wife. Let her sleep around. Get out of yourself
and that slutty woman.
Is that woman worth my tears?
Then what are you upset for? You think I'm upset?
I'm still keeping that stuff up a lip of your assertion. I should not rep-salt on your
work. It's humiliating for a guy to get cuckled as...
Alice, you've gone to the west for over a month. And I'm not seeing your young assistant
since then. Would you ask her to come out and have a drink with us?